update docs for bugfixes removal (#3129)
babel/babel.github.io: docs/v8-migration.md

![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/risk%20of%20breakage%3F-medium-yellow.svg)

- `include` and `exclude` respect renamed package names ([#15576](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/15576))

  **Migration**: If `include` or `exclude` contain any plugins mentioned in the [Packages Renames section](./v8-migration.md#renamed-packages), change it to the new name. For example,

  ```diff title="babel.config.json"
  {
    "presets": [[
      "@babel/preset-env",
      {
  -     "include": ["proposal-optional-chaining"]
  +     "include": ["transform-optional-chaining"]
      }
    ]]
  }
  ```

![low](https://img.shields.io/badge/risk%20of%20breakage%3F-low-yellowgreen.svg)

- The `bugfixes` options has been removed ([#13866](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/13866), [#17078](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/17078))

  **Migration**: You will probably be fine with the new behaviour as Babel now tries to compile the broken syntax to the closest _non-broken modern syntax_ supported by your target browsers.

>   If anyhow you want to restore the Babel 7 behaviour for debug purpose, you can specify the [`exclude` option](./preset-env.md#exclude): `{ exclude: [/bugfix/] }` to explicitly exclude the bugfixes plugins. Note that doing so will bloat the output as Babel has to compile features to older targets.

Reviewer: Will disabling the bugfix cause the output to become larger?

Author: Yes, for example, given the input
```js
var a;
a?.b
```
with target `chrome: 90`,
the output with `{ bugfixes: true }` is
```js
var a;
a?.b;
```
whereas the output with `{ bugfixes: false }` is
```js
var a;
a === null || a === void 0 ? void 0 : a.b;
```

>   If anyhow you want to restore the Babel 7 behaviour for debug purpose, you can specify the [`exclude` option](./preset-env.md#exclude): `{ exclude: [/bugfix/] }` to explicitly exclude the bugfixes plugins. Note that doing so will bloat the output as Babel has to compile features to older targets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If anyhow you want to restore the Babel 7 behaviour for debug purpose, you can specify the [`exclude` option](./preset-env.md#exclude): `{ exclude: [/bugfix/] }` to explicitly exclude the bugfixes plugins. Note that doing so will bloat the output as Babel has to compile features that, if not of some specific bug, would be generally supported by your targets.
```
